Clean up RELEASE_NOTES.md for release (#76)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-api-weather: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Summary

> This is the second second release of the Frequenz Weather API.

Reviewer: maybe something like this?
```suggestion
This release of the Frequenz Weather API adds support for streaming new temperature and wind speed forecasts.
```
